What would take for us to change the landing flow and the accounts/authentication flow a bit? 

I would like to make a flow that reduces Time to Value. 
My key value actions are creating a new beango board, having other people join (optional, as some users may choose to play solo), marking tasks as complete, submitting the beango.

What I propose is that we: 
1. Introduce a loading screen using the same png (or a similar animation inspired by it) 
2. Once the app loads, users get a screen for capturing their interests by selecting from a set of different pills (make it in a way that the code for it is reusable in the future -- allowing us to add a screen for capturing the user's age too, in the future).
	- the interests/categories offered are the following:  Culture & History, Nature & Outdoors, Food & Drink, Shopping & Markets, Art & Creativity, Photo & Video Challenges, Puzzles & Clues, Social & Interaction, Movement & Exploration, Sports & Play, Nightlife & Ambience, Audio / Sound-Based, Group Challenges.
	- This screen hosts two buttons:
		1. A Next button, which will be disabled until the user selects at least one pill.
		2. We provide a button to Skip, but it should be a secondary element in the UX, barely noticeable. The UX should prioritize the Next button.

Optional Sign-In (Soft Gate via Floating Bar)

Here's the User Journey:
1. Discovery / Entry: User arrives via App Store, shared link, QR, or social content.
2. Instant Onboarding (No Account Required): User can immediately start without signing in.
2A. Traveler-Type Pill Selection (Optional, Frictionless): User selects (or skips) trip characteristics to personalize future boards.
3. Screen to Create New BeanGo Board or Join Existing BeanGo Board

4. Create New BeanGo Board
5. Complete BeanGo Board
6. Progress Engagement & Content Loop (Only for Signed-In Users)

We would offer users a pop-up to prompt them to Sign In (maybe explaining that this way they can save their progress as they complete more BeanGo boards and see their BeanGo History).